# Course_Website
Group project for CS 3240 at University of Virginia. The project was to build a website that allows students to make schedules for classes as well as view and comment on other friends schedules via the web app.


This was a group project built on using Django for CS 3240 at the University of Virginia. We used a mixture of Django, GitHub Actions, Bootstrap, and Heroku for the website. My role in the group was the DevOps manager, which ensured that all of these platforms ran together correctly. The contributions I made to this project consist of configuring and deploying the website to Heroku, reviewing code and performing pull requests, implementing the entire friend system allowing users to both send, receive, accept, and delete friend requests. Users could search for other users on the website and once friends could get in touch via there email as well as view their schedule and leave and remove their own comments. I also built the course catalog page, which allows users to select which department category they want and view all courses from it. I also helped debugging and fixing the search class functionality and was able to make great strides with it. I also added the entriety of the shopping cart feature, which allows users to add and remove prospective courses to their cart that they can see while they continue shhopping. Another feature I contributed was implementing Google Login. After the user logged in for the first time they were sent to a secondary form where we gathered some other importnat information about them to help us build their profile. Along with these I also implemented a way for the user to modify their profile after they had already logged in just in case they wanted to update their summary, etc. Some other minor features that I helped out with was ensuring their are no time conflicts or duplicate schedules in users schedules, sending the appropriate alerts to users based on their actions, and some minor styling designs.